Largo has the following menus:

- **Global Navigation**: The links in the dark gray bar at the very top of the page. When viewed on a small screen such as a mobile phone, this menu collapses and appears in a dropdown menu instead. Note that you do not have to use this area at all if you do not wish to, but it can be a good place to put supplemental links such as links to your about or contact page or links to login or register (if relevant for your site)
- **Navbar Categories List**: This menu populates the main navigation bar with your site's primary content categories. When viewed on a small screen, this area will be collapsed into a dropdown menu. Note that this is the only menu area that supports a multi-level menu (child categories will be displayed as dropdown menus up to two levels deep, but only the parent categories will be displayed on mobile devices).
- **Navbar Supplemental Links**: This is another optional menu area that allows you to add additional link to the main navbar. This menu will always appear to the right of the Navbar Categories List items and collapses into a dropdown menu when viewed on small screen sizes.
- **Don't Miss**: This is an optional menu area that you must enable and configure in your theme settings before it will appear on your site (it is hidden by default). This is a good place to link to category, tag or series pages that you want to highlight for your readers but not necessarily include in the main navbar. Enable the Don't Miss menu in *Dashboard &gt; Appearance &gt; Theme Options &gt; Basic Settings*
- **Footer Navigation**: This menu area appears in the left column of the site footer and could mirror some of the navigation items in the header area or provide supplemental links to items such as your jobs page, ethics policy, or other items that might commonly appear in a website footer.
- **Footer Bottom**: This is a special menu area that appears at the very bottom of the footer and should be used to link to things like your site's terms of service, privacy policy or other legal information that should appear with the copyright notice in the site footer.

To edit a menu, go to Dashboard &gt; Appearance &gt; Menus and choose the menu you want to edit from the drop-down at the top. For a tutorial on how to add links to any of these menu areas, please see the [WordPress Menu User Guide](http://codex.wordpress.org/WordPress_Menu_User_Guide)
